Phone Transcripts:

Day 1 - Hello? Hello, hello? Uh... hi! Ths is the first guy, just wanted to let ya know most of the employees haven't been getting payed and may want to get payed. Uh... We can't be having none of that so we've sort of... "modified" your office to help prevent that. Um on your desk you'll see a flashlight, a P.A. button, and a little camera interface. The flashlight and P.A. serve to ward off employees, flash the flashlight in their eyes or use the P.A. system to announce a fake layoff to scare them off. As far as I'm aware, either of those will work so just use one of them when the employees show up at either door. As for the cameras... well Chadward broke the only useful one the other day so really it's only use as of right now is for entertainment. Wait no, scratch that, there is actually a camera that you can use to reset the coffee machine and prevent it from breaking. You're genuinely addicted to that stuff to the point where I'm pretty sure you would [GAME END] if the machine went out. (Silence for 5-10 seconds). Uh, but yeah just don't pay them and stuff. Uh, goodbye. (Goes to hang up but call doesn't end) *Caller goes back to discord call* Hey guys, I'm back. *Insert a bunch of random league of legends callouts* *Ends with angrily smashing pc and call cutting*

Day 2 - Howdy? Howdy there pardner, uhhhh this the second guy. I'm just here to give you an update on the protocol regarding preventing the employees from getting payed. The gist of it is that they're starting to fight back. They're like a buncha jackrabbits locked up in a chest freezer! One of them employees started using sunglasses recently, besides being stupid it also prevents the flashlight from working on him. So instead of using the flashlight always use the P.A. system to threaten to fire him. In addition to that, one of the foreign employees we contracted abroad is also trying to get paid now. He doesn't speak or understand english so I doubt the P.A. will work on him, so instead just flash him with the flashlight and that should scare him away. Just to sum it up use the P.A. on the guy with the sunglasses and use the flashlight on the foreign guy. Erm, also in other news the manager of the building next to us has been getting mad at us for... reasons... so just be careful with that. Uh that should be it really. Make sure to use the appropriate measures to get rid of the employees and also don't forget the coffee. We cant have another incident at work. Alright I'll let you get back to your shift, happy working! 

Day 3 - Hello my name is Raj- I mean Richard- and I will be help you today. There has been development regarding the owner of adjacent building. Due to... 洧땹洧땭洧땩洧땺洧땷洧땶洧땺... the manager of adjacent building is much angry with us. You see, to save money we may have be syphon power out of their building into ours... And they may or may not have found that we are do that... As result, manager probably show up behind you in window. If hear him knocking turn back and shut blinds until he stop. He most likely lose interest or something. I mean, what he do anyways? We take to court if break anything so I not think he is problem. I should mention that I  have install teamviewer on all company computer so if you ever need you can call me and I remote access your computer. Anyways, that is all. Goodbye, my friending. *in background* from a female voice- "rajesh have had lunch yet hubby?" from raj-"Banchod kuta shut up I am on work all you do is nag and annoy me"

Day 4 - EYYYYY 칄S칄 쮺칍MO EST츼N LAS COSAS EN LA OFICINA? Muy bien muy bien, bienvenidos a dia quatro de tu trabajo! Soy el cuarto chico, por supuesto. Entonces, para empezar, hemos escuchado que el reparador de ventilaci칩n tambi칠n est치 tratando de que le paguen. Intentar치 entrar por el respiradero que est치 en su oficina, as칤 que aseg칰rese de revisarlo de vez en cuando. Si 칠l est치 all칤, encienda el aire acondicionado y se asustar치 con el sonido y saldr치 corriendo. Otra cosa que debe tener cuidado es que hemos escuchado sonidos provenientes de debajo de su oficina. Inspeccionamos debajo de ese azulejo suelto en su oficina y encontramos un t칰nel completo ah칤 abajo. No tenemos idea de c칩mo termin칩 all칤 o si alguien lo est치 usando, pero le recomendamos que tenga cuidado. Nos dimos cuenta de que los ruidos no ocurr칤an cuando el aire acondicionado estaba apagado, as칤 que si escuchas o Dios no permita que veas algo ah칤 abajo, aseg칰rate de apagar el aire acondicionado hasta que se vaya. Hoy no va a ser un d칤a f치cil. Recuerde revisar esas puertas, mantenga esa cafe칤na alta, mire la ventana y mantenga su cafe칤na bajo control. No te retendr칠 m치s ya que hoy debes tener mucho cuidado, as칤 que adi칩s. 

Russian Janitor Lines - Dostoyevsky Babushka. | Balaclava Borsch. | Adidas Trackpant. | Kalishnikov Gorbachev. | Stalingrad Vodka. | Soviet Bolshevik. | Moscow Kaliningrad.  
